docs/api/types.md, before:

# Component types

* [ComponentAbstract](#componentabstract)
  * [FormAbstract](#formabstract)
    * [MultilingualAbstract](#multilingualabstract)
    * [TemporalAbstract](#temporalabstract)
    * [UploadableAbstract](#uploadableabstract)
    * [CheckableAbstract](#checkableabstract)
    * [SelectableAbstract](#selectableabstract)
  * [SubmitAbstract](#submitabstract)
    * [ButtonAbstract](#buttonabstract)
  * [MediaAbstract](#mediaabstract)
    * [ImageAbstract](#imageabstract)
    * [VideoAbstract](#videoabstract)

## ComponentAbstract

**Methods**
  
| Signature | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|
| containerId(string $containerId): self | No | Set the component container id. |
| componentId(string $componentId): self | No | Set the component id. |
| componentClasses(array $componentClasses): self | No | The given HTML classes will replace the component default ones. You can activate the merge mode in order to add the given classes to the default ones by setting the second argument to `true`. |
| containerClasses(array $containerClasses): self | No | The given HTML classes will replace the component default ones. You can activate the merge mode in order to add the given classes to the default ones by setting the second argument to `true`. |
| componentHtmlAttributes(array $componentHtmlAttributes): self | No | The given HTML attributes will replace the component default ones. You can activate the merge mode in order to add the given attributes to the default ones by setting the second argument to `true`. |
| containerHtmlAttributes(array $containerHtmlAttributes): self | No | The given HTML attributes will replace the component default ones. You can activate the merge mode in order to add the given attributes to the default ones by setting the second argument to `true`. |

**Usage**

```php
<ComponentAbstract>
    ->containerId('container-id')
    ->containerClasses(['container', 'classes'])
    ->containerHtmlAttributes(['container', 'html', 'attributes'])
    ->componentId('component-id')
    ->componentClasses(['component', 'classes'])
    ->componentHtmlAttributes(['component', 'html', 'attributes']);
```

## FormAbstract

**Inheritance :** [ComponentAbstract](#componentabstract)

**Methods**

| Signature | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|
| name(string $name): self | Yes | Set the component input name tag. |
| model(Model $model): self | No | Set the component associated model. |
| value(mixed $value): self | No | Set the component input value. |
| prepend(?string $prepend): self | No | Prepend HTML to the component input group. Set null to hide it. |
| append(?string $html): self | No | Append HTML to the component input group. Set null to hide it. |
| label(?string $label): self | No | Set the component input label. Default value : `__('validation.attributes.' .$name)`. Set null to hide it. |
| labelPositionedAbove(bool $positionedAbove = true): self | No | Set the label above-positioning status. If not positioned above, the label will be positioned under the input (may be useful for bootstrap 4 floating labels). |
| placeholder(?string $placeholder): self | No | Set the component input placeholder. Default value : `$label`. |
| caption(?string $caption): self | No | Set the component caption. |
| displaySuccess(?bool $displaySuccess = true): self | No | Set the component input validation success display status. |
| displayFailure(?bool $displayFailure = true): self | No | Set the component input validation failure display status. |
| errorBag(string $errorBag): self | No | Define the name of the error bag that will contain the error related to this input. By default, the Laravel error bag is `default`. |

**Usage**

```php
<FormAbstract>
    // inherits ComponentAbstract methods
    ->name('email')
    ->model($user)
    ->value('john.doe@domain.com')
    ->prepend('<i class="fas fa-hand-pointer"></i>')
    ->append('<i class="fas fa-hand-pointer"></i>')
    ->label('Email')
    ->labelPositionedAbove()
    ->placeholder('Set your email')
    ->caption('Your email will tested against to RFC, DNS and spoof checks.')
    ->displaySuccess(false)
    ->displayFailure(false)
    ->errorBag('profileUpdate');
```

**Components**

* [Input email](./components.md#input-email)
* [Input password](./components.md#input-password)
* [Input URL](./components.md#input-url)
* [Input tel](./components.md#input-tel)
* [Input number](./components.md#input-number)
* [Input color](./components.md#input-color)

## MultilingualAbstract

**Inheritance :** [FormAbstract](#formabstract)

**Methods**

| Signature | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|
| locales(array $locales): self | No | Set the component input language locales to handle. |
| value(Closure $value): self | No | Set the component input value by returning it from this closure result : `->value(function(string $locale){})`. |
| prepend(Closure $prepend): self | No | Set the component prepended HTML by returning it from this closure result : `->prepend(function(string $locale){})`. |
| append(Closure $append): self | No | Set the component appended HTML by returning it from this closure result : `->append(function(string $locale){})`. |

**Notes**

* You will still be able to use the `value`, `prepend` and `append` methods as for a simple `FormAbstract` component if you wish to. Closure usage is an extra behaviour, which is here to allow you to display translated content.
* A security fallback has been implemented in order to allow you to keep the Closure behaviour for the `value`, `prepend` and `append` methods, even if your component is not multilingual anymore. The `$locale` attribute will take the value of the current locale.
* Each multilingual form component will behave as a monolingual form component as long as the `->locales()` method is not being used or as long as only one locale is being declared.
* The use of the `->locales()` method will replicate the component for each locale keys you declared.
  * For example, if you declare the `fr` and `en` locale keys for a text input component with the `title` attribute, you will get two `Title (FR)` and `Title (EN)` generated text input components.
* Each multilingual component provides an extra `data-locale="<locale>"` attribute to help with eventual javascript treatments.
* You can use your own multilingual `Resolver` by replacing the path defined in the `config('bootstrap-components.form.multilingualResolver')`, allowing you to customize your multilingual form components localization behaviour :
  * The default locales to handle (default: `[]`).
  * The component localized `name` attribute resolution (default : `$name[$locale]`.
  * The component localized old value resolution in case of validation errors (default : `old($name)[$locale]`).
  * The component localized model value resolution (default : `$model->{$name}[$locales]`).
  * The component localized error message bag key resolution, used for the error message extraction and for the validation class generation (default : `$name . $locale`).
  * The component error message resolution, in order to correctly display the localized attribute name (default : transform `Dummy __('validation.attributes.name.en) error message` into `Dummy __('validation.attributes.name) (EN) error message.`.

**Usage**

```php
<MultilingualAbstract>
    // inherits FormAbstract methods
    ->locales(['fr', 'en'])
    ->value(fn(string $locale) => $name[$locale]);
    ->prepend(fn(string $locale) => 'prepend-' . $locale)
    ->append(fn(string $locale) => 'append-' . $locale) 
```

**Components**

* [Input text](./components.md#input-text)
* [Textarea](./components.md#textarea)

## TemporalAbstract

**Inheritance :** [FormAbstract](#formabstract)

**Methods**

| Signature | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|
| format(string $format): self | Yes | Set the temporal format. |

**Usage**

```php
<TemporalAbstract>
    // inherits FormAbstract methods
    ->format('Y-m-d H:i');
```

**Components**

* [Input date](./components.md#input-date)
* [Input time](./components.md#input-time)
* [Input datetime](./components.md#input-datetime)

## UploadableAbstract

**Inheritance :** [FormAbstract](#formabstract)

**Methods**

| Signature | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|
| uploadedFile(Closure $uploadedFile): self | No | Allows to set HTML or another component to render the uploaded file. |
| showRemoveCheckbox(bool $showRemoveCheckbox = true, string $removeCheckboxLabel = null): self | No | Show the file remove checkbox option (will appear only if an uploaded file is detected). Default value : `config('bootstrap-components.file.showRemoveCheckbox')`. The remove checkbox label can be precised with the second parameter, by default, it will take the following value : `__('Remove') . ' ' . $name` |

**Usage**

```php
<UploadableAbstract>
    // inherits FormAbstract methods
    ->uploadedFile(fn() => '<div>Some HTML</div>')
    ->showRemoveCheckbox(true, 'Remove this file');
```

**Components**

* [Input file](./components.md#input-file)

## CheckableAbstract

**Inheritance :** [FormAbstract](#formabstract)

**Methods**

| Signature | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|
| checked(bool $checked = true): self | No | Set the component checked status. |

**Notes**

* the inherited FormAbstract `->labelPositionedAbove()` method has no effect with this component type.

**Usage**

```php
<CheckableAbstract>
    // inherits FormAbstract methods
    ->checked();
```

**Components**

* [Input checkbox](./components.md#input-checkbox)
* [Input switch](./components.md#input-switch)
* [Input radio](./components.md#input-radio)

## SelectableAbstract

**Inheritance :** [FormAbstract](#formabstract)

**Methods**

| Signature | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|
| options(iterable $optionsList, string $optionValueField, string $optionLabelField): self | No | Set the options list (array or models collection) and declare which fields should be used for the options values and labels. |
| selected(string $fieldToCompare, $valueToCompare): self | No | Choose which option should be selected, declaring the field and the value to compare with the declared options list. |
| disabled(Closure $disabledOptions): self | No | Choose which option should be disabled by returning a boolean value from this closure result : `->disabled(function(array $option){})`. |
| multiple(bool $multiple = true): self | No | Set the select multiple mode. |

**Notes**
* in `single` mode, the selected() method second attribute only accept a string or an integer.
* in `multiple` mode, the selected() method second attribute only accept an array.

**Usage**

```php
<SelectableAbstract>
    // inherits FormAbstract methods
    ->options(collect([
        ['id' => 1, 'title' => 'Item 1', 'active' => true],
        ['id' => 2, 'title' => 'Item 2', 'active' => false],
    ]), 'id', 'title')
    ->selected('id', 1)
    // or ->selected('id', [1]) in multiple mode
    ->disabled(fn(array $option) => ! $option['active'])
    ->multiple();
```

**Components**

* [Select](./components.md#select)

## SubmitAbstract

**Inheritance :** [ComponentAbstract](#componentabstract)

**Methods**

| Signature | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|
| prepend(?string $html): self | No | Prepend HTML to the button component label. Set null to hide it. |
| append(?string $html): self | No | Append HTML to the button component label. Set null to hide it. |
| label(string $label): self | No | Set the button component label. |

**Usage**

```php
<SubmitAbstract>
    // inherits ComponentAbstract methods
    ->label('Back to the users list')
    ->prepend('<i class="fas fa-hand-pointer"></i>')
    ->append('<i class="fas fa-hand-pointer"></i>');
```

**Components**

* [Submit](./components.md#submit)
* [Submit validate](./components.md#submit-validate)
* [Submit create](./components.md#submit-create)
* [Submit update](./components.md#submit-update)

## ButtonAbstract

**Inheritance :** [SubmitAbstract](#submitabstract)

**Methods**

| Signature | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|
| url(string $url): self | No | Set the button component url. |
| route(string $route, array $params = []): self | No | Set the button component route. |

**Usage**

```php
<link>
    // inherits SubmitAbstract methods
    ->url('https://website.com/admin/users')
    ->route('users.index');
```

**Components**
* [Button](./components.md#button)
* [Button link](./components.md#button-link)
* [Button back](./components.md#button-back)
* [Button cancel](./components.md#button-cancel)

## MediaAbstract

**Inheritance :** [ComponentAbstract](#componentabstract)

**Methods**

| Signature | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|
| label(?string $label): self | No | Set the component label. |
| src(string $src): self | No | Set the component src attribute. |
| caption(?string $caption): self | No | Set the component caption. |

**Usage**

```php
<MediaAbstract>
    // inherits ComponentAbstract methods
    ->src('https://yourapp.fr/public/media/audio.mp3');
```

**Components**

* [Audio](./components.md#audio)

## ImageAbstract

**Inheritance :** [MediaAbstract](#mediaabstract)

**Methods**

| Signature | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|
| alt(string $alt): self | No | Define the image component alt HTML tag. |
| width(int $width): self | No | Define the component image HTML tag width. |
| height(int $height): self | No | Define the component image HTML tag height. |
| linkUrl(string $linkUrl): self | No | Set the image component link URL. |
| linkTitle(string $linkTitle): self | No | Set the image component link title. |
| linkId(string $linkId): self | No | Set the image component link id. |
| linkClasses(array $linkClasses): self | No | Set the image component link classes. Default value : `config('bootstrap-components.media.image.classes.link')`. |
| linkHtmlAttributes(array $linkHtmlAttributes): self | No | Set the image component link HTML attributes. Default value : `config('bootstrap-components.media.image.htmlAttributes.link')`. |

**Usage**

```php
<ImageAbstract>
    // inherits MediaAbstract methods
    ->alt('Image alt attribute')
    ->width(250)
    ->height(150)
    ->link('https://yourapp.fr/public/media/image-zoom.jpg', 'Preview this image')
    ->linkId('link-id')
    ->linkComponentClasses(['link', 'component', 'classes'])
    ->linkHtmlAttributes(['link', 'component', 'classes']);
```

**Components**

* [Image](./components.md#image)

## VideoAbstract

**Inheritance :** [MediaAbstract](#mediaabstract)

**Methods**

| Signature | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|
| poster(string $poster): self | No | Set the video component poster. |

**Usage**

```php
<VideoAbstract>
    // inherits MediaAbstract methods
    ->poster('https://yourapp.fr/public/media/poster.jpg');
```

**Components**

* [Video](./components.md#video)

Commit message:

Validation improvements (#71)
* The `Field correctly filled.` validation feedback sentence has been removed. The `is-valid` class is enough to highlight valid fields and this will avoid forms overloading.
* The `bootstrap-components.form.formValidation.displaySuccess` config value is now set to `true` by default, in order to highlight valid fields when some of them are in error.
* In relation with the 2 points above, you're advised to pass the `bootstrap-components.form.formValidation.displaySuccess` config value to `true` if you published the package configuration file, in order to improve the ergonomics of your forms.

docs/api/types.md, after:

# Component types

* [ComponentAbstract](#componentabstract)
  * [FormAbstract](#formabstract)
    * [MultilingualAbstract](#multilingualabstract)
    * [TemporalAbstract](#temporalabstract)
    * [UploadableAbstract](#uploadableabstract)
    * [CheckableAbstract](#checkableabstract)
    * [SelectableAbstract](#selectableabstract)
  * [SubmitAbstract](#submitabstract)
    * [ButtonAbstract](#buttonabstract)
  * [MediaAbstract](#mediaabstract)
    * [ImageAbstract](#imageabstract)
    * [VideoAbstract](#videoabstract)

## ComponentAbstract

**Methods**
  
| Signature | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|
| containerId(string $containerId): self | No | Set the component container id. |
| componentId(string $componentId): self | No | Set the component id. |
| componentClasses(array $componentClasses): self | No | The given HTML classes will replace the component default ones. You can activate the merge mode in order to add the given classes to the default ones by setting the second argument to `true`. |
| containerClasses(array $containerClasses): self | No | The given HTML classes will replace the component default ones. You can activate the merge mode in order to add the given classes to the default ones by setting the second argument to `true`. |
| componentHtmlAttributes(array $componentHtmlAttributes): self | No | The given HTML attributes will replace the component default ones. You can activate the merge mode in order to add the given attributes to the default ones by setting the second argument to `true`. |
| containerHtmlAttributes(array $containerHtmlAttributes): self | No | The given HTML attributes will replace the component default ones. You can activate the merge mode in order to add the given attributes to the default ones by setting the second argument to `true`. |

**Usage**

```php
<ComponentAbstract>
    ->containerId('container-id')
    ->containerClasses(['container', 'classes'])
    ->containerHtmlAttributes(['container', 'html', 'attributes'])
    ->componentId('component-id')
    ->componentClasses(['component', 'classes'])
    ->componentHtmlAttributes(['component', 'html', 'attributes']);
```

## FormAbstract

**Inheritance :** [ComponentAbstract](#componentabstract)

**Methods**

| Signature | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|
| name(string $name): self | Yes | Set the component input name tag. |
| model(Model $model): self | No | Set the component associated model. |
| value(mixed $value): self | No | Set the component input value. |
| prepend(?string $prepend): self | No | Prepend HTML to the component input group. Set null to hide it. |
| append(?string $html): self | No | Append HTML to the component input group. Set null to hide it. |
| label(?string $label): self | No | Set the component input label. Default value : `__('validation.attributes.' .$name)`. Set null to hide it. |
| labelPositionedAbove(bool $positionedAbove = true): self | No | Set the label above-positioning status. If not positioned above, the label will be positioned under the input (may be useful for bootstrap 4 floating labels). |
| placeholder(?string $placeholder): self | No | Set the component input placeholder. Default value : `$label`. |
| caption(?string $caption): self | No | Set the component caption. |
| displaySuccess(?bool $displaySuccess = true): self | No | Override the component default input validation success display status. Valid fields will only be highlighted as valid if other are in error. |
| displayFailure(?bool $displayFailure = true): self | No | Override the component default input validation failure display status. Invalid fields will only be highlighted if the `$errors` blade variable contains an error related to the component input name. |
| errorBag(string $errorBag): self | No | Define the name of the error bag that will contain the error related to this input. By default, the Laravel error bag is `default`. |

**Usage**

```php
<FormAbstract>
    // inherits ComponentAbstract methods
    ->name('email')
    ->model($user)
    ->value('john.doe@domain.com')
    ->prepend('<i class="fas fa-hand-pointer"></i>')
    ->append('<i class="fas fa-hand-pointer"></i>')
    ->label('Email')
    ->labelPositionedAbove()
    ->placeholder('Set your email')
    ->caption('Your email will tested against to RFC, DNS and spoof checks.')
    ->displaySuccess(false)
    ->displayFailure(false)
    ->errorBag('profileUpdate');
```

**Components**

* [Input email](./components.md#input-email)
* [Input password](./components.md#input-password)
* [Input URL](./components.md#input-url)
* [Input tel](./components.md#input-tel)
* [Input number](./components.md#input-number)
* [Input color](./components.md#input-color)

## MultilingualAbstract

**Inheritance :** [FormAbstract](#formabstract)

**Methods**

| Signature | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|
| locales(array $locales): self | No | Set the component input language locales to handle. |
| value(Closure $value): self | No | Set the component input value by returning it from this closure result : `->value(function(string $locale){})`. |
| prepend(Closure $prepend): self | No | Set the component prepended HTML by returning it from this closure result : `->prepend(function(string $locale){})`. |
| append(Closure $append): self | No | Set the component appended HTML by returning it from this closure result : `->append(function(string $locale){})`. |

**Notes**

* You will still be able to use the `value`, `prepend` and `append` methods as for a simple `FormAbstract` component if you wish to. Closure usage is an extra behaviour, which is here to allow you to display translated content.
* A security fallback has been implemented in order to allow you to keep the Closure behaviour for the `value`, `prepend` and `append` methods, even if your component is not multilingual anymore. The `$locale` attribute will take the value of the current locale.
* Each multilingual form component will behave as a monolingual form component as long as the `->locales()` method is not being used or as long as only one locale is being declared.
* The use of the `->locales()` method will replicate the component for each locale keys you declared.
  * For example, if you declare the `fr` and `en` locale keys for a text input component with the `title` attribute, you will get two `Title (FR)` and `Title (EN)` generated text input components.
* Each multilingual component provides an extra `data-locale="<locale>"` attribute to help with eventual javascript treatments.
* You can use your own multilingual `Resolver` by replacing the path defined in the `config('bootstrap-components.form.multilingualResolver')`, allowing you to customize your multilingual form components localization behaviour :
  * The default locales to handle (default: `[]`).
  * The component localized `name` attribute resolution (default : `$name[$locale]`.
  * The component localized old value resolution in case of validation errors (default : `old($name)[$locale]`).
  * The component localized model value resolution (default : `$model->{$name}[$locales]`).
  * The component localized error message bag key resolution, used for the error message extraction and for the validation class generation (default : `$name . $locale`).
  * The component error message resolution, in order to correctly display the localized attribute name (default : transform `Dummy __('validation.attributes.name.en) error message` into `Dummy __('validation.attributes.name) (EN) error message.`.

**Usage**

```php
<MultilingualAbstract>
    // inherits FormAbstract methods
    ->locales(['fr', 'en'])
    ->value(fn(string $locale) => $name[$locale]);
    ->prepend(fn(string $locale) => 'prepend-' . $locale)
    ->append(fn(string $locale) => 'append-' . $locale) 
```

**Components**

* [Input text](./components.md#input-text)
* [Textarea](./components.md#textarea)

## TemporalAbstract

**Inheritance :** [FormAbstract](#formabstract)

**Methods**

| Signature | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|
| format(string $format): self | Yes | Set the temporal format. |

**Usage**

```php
<TemporalAbstract>
    // inherits FormAbstract methods
    ->format('Y-m-d H:i');
```

**Components**

* [Input date](./components.md#input-date)
* [Input time](./components.md#input-time)
* [Input datetime](./components.md#input-datetime)

## UploadableAbstract

**Inheritance :** [FormAbstract](#formabstract)

**Methods**

| Signature | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|
| uploadedFile(Closure $uploadedFile): self | No | Allows to set HTML or another component to render the uploaded file. |
| showRemoveCheckbox(bool $showRemoveCheckbox = true, string $removeCheckboxLabel = null): self | No | Show the file remove checkbox option (will appear only if an uploaded file is detected). Default value : `config('bootstrap-components.file.showRemoveCheckbox')`. The remove checkbox label can be precised with the second parameter, by default, it will take the following value : `__('Remove') . ' ' . $name` |

**Usage**

```php
<UploadableAbstract>
    // inherits FormAbstract methods
    ->uploadedFile(fn() => '<div>Some HTML</div>')
    ->showRemoveCheckbox(true, 'Remove this file');
```

**Components**

* [Input file](./components.md#input-file)

## CheckableAbstract

**Inheritance :** [FormAbstract](#formabstract)

**Methods**

| Signature | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|
| checked(bool $checked = true): self | No | Set the component checked status. |

**Notes**

* the inherited FormAbstract `->labelPositionedAbove()` method has no effect with this component type.

**Usage**

```php
<CheckableAbstract>
    // inherits FormAbstract methods
    ->checked();
```

**Components**

* [Input checkbox](./components.md#input-checkbox)
* [Input switch](./components.md#input-switch)
* [Input radio](./components.md#input-radio)

## SelectableAbstract

**Inheritance :** [FormAbstract](#formabstract)

**Methods**

| Signature | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|
| options(iterable $optionsList, string $optionValueField, string $optionLabelField): self | No | Set the options list (array or models collection) and declare which fields should be used for the options values and labels. |
| selected(string $fieldToCompare, $valueToCompare): self | No | Choose which option should be selected, declaring the field and the value to compare with the declared options list. |
| disabled(Closure $disabledOptions): self | No | Choose which option should be disabled by returning a boolean value from this closure result : `->disabled(function(array $option){})`. |
| multiple(bool $multiple = true): self | No | Set the select multiple mode. |

**Notes**
* in `single` mode, the selected() method second attribute only accept a string or an integer.
* in `multiple` mode, the selected() method second attribute only accept an array.

**Usage**

```php
<SelectableAbstract>
    // inherits FormAbstract methods
    ->options(collect([
        ['id' => 1, 'title' => 'Item 1', 'active' => true],
        ['id' => 2, 'title' => 'Item 2', 'active' => false],
    ]), 'id', 'title')
    ->selected('id', 1)
    // or ->selected('id', [1]) in multiple mode
    ->disabled(fn(array $option) => ! $option['active'])
    ->multiple();
```

**Components**

* [Select](./components.md#select)

## SubmitAbstract

**Inheritance :** [ComponentAbstract](#componentabstract)

**Methods**

| Signature | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|
| prepend(?string $html): self | No | Prepend HTML to the button component label. Set null to hide it. |
| append(?string $html): self | No | Append HTML to the button component label. Set null to hide it. |
| label(string $label): self | No | Set the button component label. |

**Usage**

```php
<SubmitAbstract>
    // inherits ComponentAbstract methods
    ->label('Back to the users list')
    ->prepend('<i class="fas fa-hand-pointer"></i>')
    ->append('<i class="fas fa-hand-pointer"></i>');
```

**Components**

* [Submit](./components.md#submit)
* [Submit validate](./components.md#submit-validate)
* [Submit create](./components.md#submit-create)
* [Submit update](./components.md#submit-update)

## ButtonAbstract

**Inheritance :** [SubmitAbstract](#submitabstract)

**Methods**

| Signature | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|
| url(string $url): self | No | Set the button component url. |
| route(string $route, array $params = []): self | No | Set the button component route. |

**Usage**

```php
<link>
    // inherits SubmitAbstract methods
    ->url('https://website.com/admin/users')
    ->route('users.index');
```

**Components**
* [Button](./components.md#button)
* [Button link](./components.md#button-link)
* [Button back](./components.md#button-back)
* [Button cancel](./components.md#button-cancel)

## MediaAbstract

**Inheritance :** [ComponentAbstract](#componentabstract)

**Methods**

| Signature | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|
| label(?string $label): self | No | Set the component label. |
| src(string $src): self | No | Set the component src attribute. |
| caption(?string $caption): self | No | Set the component caption. |

**Usage**

```php
<MediaAbstract>
    // inherits ComponentAbstract methods
    ->src('https://yourapp.fr/public/media/audio.mp3');
```

**Components**

* [Audio](./components.md#audio)

## ImageAbstract

**Inheritance :** [MediaAbstract](#mediaabstract)

**Methods**

| Signature | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|
| alt(string $alt): self | No | Define the image component alt HTML tag. |
| width(int $width): self | No | Define the component image HTML tag width. |
| height(int $height): self | No | Define the component image HTML tag height. |
| linkUrl(string $linkUrl): self | No | Set the image component link URL. |
| linkTitle(string $linkTitle): self | No | Set the image component link title. |
| linkId(string $linkId): self | No | Set the image component link id. |
| linkClasses(array $linkClasses): self | No | Set the image component link classes. Default value : `config('bootstrap-components.media.image.classes.link')`. |
| linkHtmlAttributes(array $linkHtmlAttributes): self | No | Set the image component link HTML attributes. Default value : `config('bootstrap-components.media.image.htmlAttributes.link')`. |

**Usage**

```php
<ImageAbstract>
    // inherits MediaAbstract methods
    ->alt('Image alt attribute')
    ->width(250)
    ->height(150)
    ->link('https://yourapp.fr/public/media/image-zoom.jpg', 'Preview this image')
    ->linkId('link-id')
    ->linkComponentClasses(['link', 'component', 'classes'])
    ->linkHtmlAttributes(['link', 'component', 'classes']);
```

**Components**

* [Image](./components.md#image)

## VideoAbstract

**Inheritance :** [MediaAbstract](#mediaabstract)

**Methods**

| Signature | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|
| poster(string $poster): self | No | Set the video component poster. |

**Usage**

```php
<VideoAbstract>
    // inherits MediaAbstract methods
    ->poster('https://yourapp.fr/public/media/poster.jpg');
```

**Components**

* [Video](./components.md#video)
